{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 CS 532 Critiques \
Name: Mike Jannain\
\
Group #1 (JIMS):\
This group met their requirements very well. The included database information on one-to-one, one-to-many, etc., helped to understand how their database links together. They had an online and offline GUI to access the data as well since it was hosted on a remote server. The demo seemed to match the architecture perfectly and the UI interface guidelines seemed complete to me.\
\
Group #2 (Configuration Control Library):\
This group seemed to have planned everything out well with Kanban and other techniques mentioned. Their user interface however, seemed incomplete and hard coded. Also, a lot of the requirements that tracked things were only in a spread sheet and did not really sync to any offline system. I think their requirements and UI goals were not fully met.\
\
Group #3 (Ice Track):\
The MVC method they used to provide nice organization and it seems most of the requirements were satisfied. Their scheme matches the GUI and the language they utilized (ruby) made very much sense. Architecture wise I think MVC helped this group keep everything organized and to meet deadlines. Even though they were behind like everyone, and did not finish everything, the amount of requirements that were taken care of were the major ones for the architecture and UI.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Group. #4: Resort Management:\
Agile software architecture. Only 2 goals were not covered in scope, so yes most were covered. Website pretty fully functional and seemed to math their architecture style the only missing elements were some of the backend for the database of 2-3 tabs on their website, the forms did not do anything\
\
Group #6: Sierra Mountain Bike Co.:\
Chose agile development for their methodology and used tools like jira. App was built more from scratch than others and used node, mongoDB. MVC for their architecture, model view controller. Seems to satisfy the requirements because the view was separated into html and web code but the other components held the data and brains of the architecture. All requirements were satisfied.\
\
}